README.md, before:

# Hakuna Menubar for macOS

Simple menubar app for macOS to track work time using [Hakuna](https://www.hakuna.ch).

![Screenshot Menubar](screenshot.png)

Download the latest version of the application
[here](https://www.github.com/cyon/hakuna-menubar/releases).

The app itself **does not** support auto updating! So make sure to check for new releases
yourself.

## Installing and starting

Drag the `Hakuna Menubar.app` into your *Applications* folder. When you start the application
for the first time it will ask you for some permissions. Those are needed for the app to run.

The application also needs your **Hakuna API key** to run. It will prompt you the first time
you run it to enter it.

![Preferences](preferences.png)

After that the application only shows up in your menubar. There are a few settings, like
enabling auto-launch, which can be set from there.

![Settings](screenshot-expanded.png)

**Make sure that the *Task Type* is correct before you start the timer the first time!**

## Contributing

To make changes to the application you just have to clone the repository and run the following
commands.

```
npm install
npm start
```

Commit message:

Add note about how to open the application the first time

README.md, after:

# Hakuna Menubar for macOS

Simple menubar app for macOS to track work time using [Hakuna](https://www.hakuna.ch).

![Screenshot Menubar](screenshot.png)

Download the latest version of the application
[here](https://www.github.com/cyon/hakuna-menubar/releases).

The app itself **does not** support auto updating! So make sure to check for new releases
yourself.

## Installing and starting

Drag the `Hakuna Menubar.app` into your *Applications* folder. When you start the application
for the first time it will ask you for some permissions. Those are needed for the app to run.

The application also needs your **Hakuna API key** to run. It will prompt you the first time
you run it to enter it.

![Preferences](preferences.png)

If you can't open the application because it's from a unidentified developer, just right-click
the Application click **Open** and then **Open** again. This is normal as the app is not signed.

![Unidentified Developer](unidentified-developer.png)

After that the application only shows up in your menubar. There are a few settings, like
enabling auto-launch, which can be set from there.

![Settings](screenshot-expanded.png)

**Make sure that the *Task Type* is correct before you start the timer the first time!**

## Contributing

To make changes to the application you just have to clone the repository and run the following
commands.

```
npm install
npm start
```
